Document constraints batch 5 (#358)
BookingSync/bookingsync-api-docs: content/reference/endpoints/rentals.md

videos                          | Array    | Read       | Videos' IDs related to the Rental |
--------------------------------|----------|------------|-------------|
id                              | Integer  | Read       | Rental's ID. |
amenity_ids                     | Array    | Write      | Amenity ids related to the rental. |
destination_id                  | Integer  | Write      | Destination id related to the rental. |
payment_gateway_id              | Integer  | Write      | PaymentGateway id related to the rental. |
rates_table_id                  | Integer  | Write      | Rates Table id related to the rental. |
rentals_contact_id              | Integer  | Write      | Contact id related to the rental. |
rentals_tag_ids                 | Array    | Write      | Tag ids related to the rental. |
absolute_min_price              | [Decimal](/reference/enums#formats) | Read/Write | Rental's minimum price based on `base_rate_kind`. | Must be greater than or equal to 0 and less than or equal to `base_rate` 
address1                        | String   | Read/Write | Rental's primary address. |
address2                        | String   | Read/Write | Rental's optional address. |

> base_rate                       | [Decimal](/reference/enums#formats) | Read/Write | Rental's base rate, used by the rates table to calculate the seasonability and discounted prices. We recommend using the highest price as base rate | Must be greater than 0 if present

Reviewer: >We recommend using the highest price as base rate

why such recommendation?

Author: @adamgrad not sure but it was there before in the docs, it's not a new recommendation. Would it be better to remove it?

Reviewer: @Azdaroth I am quite familiar with the concept of base_rate and I don't quite understand this recommendation, so I believe it's going to be more confusing for the integrating people, so I'd rather remove it.

certifications                  | [Object](/reference/enums#formats) | Read/Write | Rental's certifications, all allowed values described in [enums section](/reference/enums#rental-certifications). | Must contain valid certifications if present
management_type                 | String   | Read/Write | Rental's management type. All types are described in [enums section](/reference/enums#rental-management-type) | Must be a valid management type if present
bookable_on_request             | Boolean  | Read       | Rental's Bookable on request status (requires Rental to be published and Account needs a configuration for contract management) |
instantly_bookable              | Boolean  | Read       | Rental's instantly bookable status  (requires Rental to be bookable on request, `bookable_online` to be set to `true` and Rental needs to have a Payment Gateway configured) |
owner_fullname                  | String   | Read/Write | Rental owner's fullname | Maximum length: 100

> owner_email                     | String   | Read/Write | Rental owner's email | Must be avalid email format if present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
owner_email                     | String   | Read/Write | Rental owner's email | Must be a valid email format if present
```
